everything starts inside the farm
the cattle rancher advised by a team of veterinary technicians and
zootechnicians evaluate the herd and select the animals that will participate
of the auction, from which the chosen ones will be treated differently
until the auction
comes on the scene also grew up in Luanda hired by the cattle rancher to
organize an auction on the table
the main doubt as to what I
- let's have to spend amazed with the silver came to help me by 7 to 7
he will stop
singer congratulations and thank you here comes the material of great importance in the
animal auctions
the catalog
through the catalog and you can get all the information about
the animals that are going to be sold age genealogy prizes won
plays on the same day and hour of the rush alves 39 sanepar gold ten silver sonaecom o
actor to the crisis
even though the government reopens led by the internet, there was a
The first happens to me.
according to the ball out wasted good chance at 17 forced
divan to 6
this award is a very pleasing honor to be here with the
family of rivers overflow from the specialized error in marketing
of the animals explained that over time the auctioneer ended up becoming a
celebrity in this business
the fishing received chances inside the enclosure of the will
number of partygoers varies according to the number of guests
few have the possibility to participate
the handler
is responsible for presenting the German on track
it is he who drives the animal for sale during presentations
already the technical process helps to clarify doubts about charity
and the genealogy of the animal being made
he charged that he would make the biggest traffic
Bidding dispute
I want to do in class life and the clues of the risks that smokers loose
tite
just development and improvement of the trading sessions came
need for sale to breeders
who are not present at the auction
it was then that television came on the scene who performs the transmission of pegões
and makes it possible for those who are at home to find animals
sale
the rural channel was the pioneer in this type of transmission
to participate the client must register early in five minutes
the savio by the auction
after approval of the registration the customer is ready to buy
just call on the day of the auction to the number of the operator table where the
telephone center of auctioneer
who receives the buying thugs
for tomorrow